[Common API] (Requirement Sets) Increased urgency around using strings in isSetSupported (#1248)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/specify-office-hosts-and-api-requirements.md

## Use runtime checks in your JavaScript code

You might want to provide additional functionality in your add-in if certain requirement sets are supported by the Office host. For example, you might want to use the Word JavaScript APIs in your existing add-in if your add-in runs in Word 2016. To do this, you use the [isSetSupported](/javascript/api/office/office.requirementsetsupport#issetsupported-name--minversion-) method with the name of the requirement set. **isSetSupported** determines, at runtime, whether the Office host running the add-in supports the requirement set. If the requirement set is supported, **isSetSupported** returns **true** and runs the additional code that uses the API members from that requirement set. If the Office host doesn't support the requirement set, **isSetSupported** returns **false** and the additional code won't run. The following code shows the syntax to use with **isSetSupported**.

```js
if (Office.context.requirements.isSetSupported(RequirementSetName, MinimumVersion))
{
   // Code that uses API members from RequirementSetName.
}

```

> - _RequirementSetName_ (required) is a string that represents the name of the requirement set. For more information about available requirement sets, see [Office Add-in requirement sets](/office/dev/add-ins/reference/requirement-sets/office-add-in-requirement-sets).

Reviewer: Consider changing "...is a string that represents the name of the requirement set." --> "...is a string that represents the name of the requirement set (e.g., **"ExcelApi"**, **"WordApi"**, etc.)."

Reason being -- the page we're linking to here doesn't clearly list requirement set names -- in the form that the `isSetSupported` method expects them -- it lists requirement set name + number (e.g., `ExcelApi 1.8`).

> - _RequirementSetName_ (required) is a string that represents the name of the requirement set (e.g., "**ExcelApi**", "**Mailbox**, etc.). For more information about available requirement sets, see [Office Add-in requirement sets](/office/dev/add-ins/reference/requirement-sets/office-add-in-requirement-sets).

Reviewer: You're missing the closing quotation marks after **Mailbox**

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3019529/63126112-fe434600-bf63-11e9-81d4-13568bb335b3.png)

> - _MinimumVersion_ (optional) is the version of the requirement set.

Reviewer: Perhaps consider specifying 'string' here as the data type for this parameter (just to reinforce the message that it should be a string) and revising the description to be a bit more specific?  

_MinimumVersion_ (optional) a string that specifies the requirement set version that the host must support in order for the code within the `if` statement to run (e.g., **"1.9"**).

> [!WARNING]

> > Your add-in should always use a string when specifying the requirement set version for **isSetSupported**. If you use a number, the JavaScript parser cannot tell the difference between 1.1 and 1.10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When calling the **isSetSupported** method, the value of the `MinimumVersion` parameter (if specified) should be a string. This is because the JavaScript parser cannot differentiate between numeric values such as 1.1 and 1.10, where as it can differentiate between string values such as "1.1" and "1.10".
```
